Added a description of EvidenceStatementSet and why it is empty (#74)
lamps-wg/csr-attestation: draft-ietf-lamps-csr-attestation.md

~~~
EVIDENCE-STATEMENT ::= TYPE-IDENTIFIER

EvidenceStatementSet EVIDENCE-STATEMENT ::= SET {

>    ... -- Empty for now --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ... -- None defined in this document --
```

}
~~~

This is a mapping and ASN.1 Types for Evidence Statements to the OIDs
that identify them. These mappings are are used to construct
or parse EvidenceStatements. These would typically be Evidence Statement
formats defined in other IETF standards, defined by other standards bodies,
or vendor proprietary formats along with the OIDs that identify them.

> This list is left empty in this document, however implementers will wish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list is left empty in this document. However, implementers should
```

> to populate it with the formats that they wish to support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
populate it with the formats that they wish to support.
```
